Refresh job descriptions (#33)
sourcegraph/careers: job-descriptions/forward-deployed-engineer.md

### About us

> Sourcegraph is on a mission to make it so everyone, in every community, in every country, and in every industry can create products using the best technology. The innovations of the future will all rely on software, so by empowering software developers today we can bring the future sooner. You can learn more about our mission by reading our [our master plan](https://sourcegraph.com/plan).

Reviewer: I like the idea here, but it seems like there are too many superlatives here ("every ... every ... every ... every ... best"). This makes it too verbose and also too general of a statement. I think a more concise statement like "Sourcegraph's mission is to enable every developer to build technology with the best tools" packs more punch.

Author: I lifted this phrasing from the master plan. Do you think we should change it there too?

Reviewer: No, I think it is a better fit in that context (leading something called the "master plan" instead of "about us"). Also, the "—not just the ones working at the half-dozen dominant tech companies—" clause in the original serves to make the message more specific here. Without it, the sentence reads like we want to do everything for everyone.

> We are an [open company](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/open_source_open_company): our code, our product roadmap, and our company processes are public because this transparency helps us rapidly gather feedback, iterate, learn, and deliver the best product to our customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are an [open company](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/open_source_open_company). Our code, our product roadmap, and our company processes are public. This transparency helps us rapidly gather feedback, iterate, learn, and deliver the best product to our customers.
```

Author: I'll remove the "because this" and use two sentences (this is actually what I had initially and waffled back and forth. Given that change, are you ok if I leave the colon? I feel like it flows a bit better than separate sentences for the first part.

```suggestion
We are an [open company](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/dev/open_source_open_company): our code, our product roadmap, and our company processes are public. This transparency helps us rapidly gather feedback, iterate, learn, and deliver the best product to our customers.
```

  in a rapidly growing business.
- Future entrepreneurial ambitions.

### Compensation and benefits

We provide competitive pay and equity because we want you to act like a business owner and share in the success of Sourcegraph. We also provide [many benefits](../README.md#benefits) to keep you happy, healthy, and productive.

### Interview process

1.  You [apply here](https://hire.withgoogle.com/public/jobs/sourcegraphcom/view/P_AAAAAADAAC5KSeSjyaujcb).
1.  We set up a 30 minute call to chat with you about Sourcegraph and to find out what you are looking for in your next role.
1.  We evaluate relevant technical skills that you have via a remote interview or async coding exercise.
1.  We schedule a few more hours of technical and non-technical interviews. We're happy to fly you out to our San Francisco office, or conduct the remaining interviews over video chat, whatever works best for you.
1.  We check your references.
1.  We make you a job offer.

We also expect you to be interviewing us too, so ask us any questions you have along the way.

> If you aren't ready to start interviewing, but are interested to stop by our San Francisco office to meet the team, let us know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you aren't ready to start interviewing, but would like to stop by our San Francisco office to meet the team, let us know!
```
